# MarcosLearns
Marcos Vivanco's learning and practice repo

Working through C9. 

The origional goal was to learn nesting, but we are going to rewind a bit and solidify the fundamentals needed to build the larger picture.

Alright, Marco! This is your first assignment. This is going to be hard, not programatically, mentally. Have you ever started learning something and then down the road looked back at your first works and cringed half to death because of all the glaring mistakes you didn't realize you were making? Yeah, thats this file. Think of it as your before photo in weight loss, the uglier it is, the prouder you are of the transformation! Dramatic, but you get the point.  The reason this is going to be mentally hard is because you are going to work on this project like you are JUST seeing it for the first time, but you can't delete ANYTHING. NOTHING. You may comment out lines, but NO deleting.  You can move a line, but you have to note it. Every line you write, right above it write out a comment on what it does and why its there. Basically every piece of code you put in this file, put down all your thoughts on it next to it the moment you write it.  There should be at least 4x comments to code content. Number each comment as you go in order. (Ex. #0 this is the start of every file why is leah making me do this stupid thing.). See where we are going?  You will be forced to think through in a fine grain way and I will be able to follow EXACTLY where your brain went. 

Here's where you have to enact that honesty with yourself that's going to be frustrating. If you finish it without hitting this point I'm just going to keep making it harder, because first things first, you have to learn when youre doing more harm to your code and your mental state than good.  

If you finish it successfully, let me know and I'll add to it. BUT if this works as planned you'll get stuck. There's a difference between a roadblock you can navigate (you'll hit these constantly, stack overflow is your new bff), and the moment when you are so frustrated that you've tried 90434902 things that you think should have worked and didnt that you aren't writing code anymore, you're just moving stuff around praying it starts working, half paying attention.

There are about 6 reasons for this assignment that are tailored to catching you up, but the most self aware one is being honest about this point. I swear at my code all the time and I'm not at "walk away" point yet. There aren't any "tells", its just something you have to know about yourself. Because your pride is GOING to jump in and say "but its just a stuppid $#()!%#*!) ascii box, im gonna make it happen!".  Tell your pride its time to walk away.  Hit save and hands immediately off the keyboard, NO more changes. Like as a kid when you took standardized tests? Pencils down. Walk away and don't think about code at ALL for at least 10 minutes. And if this sounds dumb to you? I do it at least once a week. I tell my boss I need to walk the block.  He knows that means I know I'm doing more harm than good and need to clear my head of it.  

Youve heard Jason talk about TDD, or test driven development. Most often I start people out on this, but thats not how we're gonna start. Dont get me wrong, testing is SUPPPPPER important, but this exercise has some unique purposes. Don't worry we will go through it in the end, you'll be surprised how many goals I have for this frustrating little thing.

TLDR (you better read it, im hilarious damn it): Do this just like you would seeing it for the first time BUT you must comment everything immediately ad nauseum (sp? im an engineer, not an english major) and numbered in order until you hit your cliff of productivity. Write one final comment at the end of the file leading with #FINAL with your final thoughts. This can be "i hate no more thoughts, screw this computer, this language, you, and everything you love", it just has to be whatever you are thinking the moment you stop. Save, walk away, let me know and I'll let you know when I'm through it and we will go through it together.

Oh, and do all your work here in browser. We will work around to version control, right now I want you to focus on the problem only.

Remember, the point of this is to think hard and push yourself into being so frustrated you can no longer be productive. If you walk away with at least 1 line of commented code and you thought through every angle you could, you SUCCEEDED at this assignment. Have fun! (I swear I'm rarely as evil as you'll think I am during this.)
